hi everyone welcome to another episode
of raw Reagan health com and I'm Natasha
st. Michael and thank you for joining me
so today I'm going to show you guys how
to make super easy solid this you can
whip up like literally in in less than
five minutes I would say put three
minutes okay and easy easy anyone can do
it you don't need a blender to make the
dressing nothing if you do have a food
processor it will be easier to chop up
the cabbage because that's what we're
using this main ingredient so to shred
it all up easy with the food processor
but if you don't if you can get like a
cheese grater you know like those metal
things you can it's like a cheese or a
vegetable grader it's usually it's kind
of like a rectangular shape you hold it
up any great things on it get that look
at the dollar store for a dollar and
that's how you can grate your cabbage
with but i'm going to show you what the
food processor easy easy easy and the
dressing you don't need a blender or
nothing you just need to whip it up by
hand so let's get started what you'll
need is you need some cabbage you'll
need some olive oil some apple cider
vinegar and like the real apple cider
vinegar it should be organic it should
be unpasteurized should be raw and it
should actually say like it has the
mother so it's not been refined or
filtered or anything and then some
Celtic sea salt some carrots and I found
these lovely red carrots which I'm
excited to use clove of garlic a garlic
press um a chopping board a knife some
black pepper if you like some Celtic sea
salt and if you've got a food processor
or if you've got a cheese or vegetable
greater okay so the first thing we're
going to do is just slice the cabbage
just so that
it's easy to fit through the food
processor you might also I like to take
off like the top skin just because
handle Maddon did so there you go it's
ready usually someone person I'll
probably just have either half of
cabbage or even sometimes the whole
cabbage okay so with the food processor
we're going to be using the glade so all
I do is turn it so now you're taking it
out and i just want to show you to that
when I great the cabbage I use this
blade here it's the the long serve
slicing blade because it's going against
the grain of the cabbage and so it gets
graded into like little shreds so now
I'm going to actually put it in a bowl
there's a lot of cabbage here ok so I'm
going to make the dressing and what it
is is that drop the cider vinaigrette of
olive oil and that should be
cold-pressed extra virgin olive oil all
organic and then we're going to add in
the garlic it's because this is a big
thanks of garlic I'm going to just cut
in half
but i'm going to use all of garlic then
i'm going to mix in a pinch of Celtic
sea salt not table salt Celtic sea salt
and stir it up with the forks going to
pour in all the dress in every last
little drop of it up and we're going to
put it all in mix it all up and I
haven't forgotten that we're going to
then shred up the carrot now we're going
to shred up the carrot so we actually
got to change side of the blade and you
would use these type of blades okay for
the carrot let it bother to clean up we
process it because it's the it's the
same it's just the cabbage in there so
big deal
okay okay now we've got our lovely
multicolored carrots and we're going to
put that just on top this garnish so put
on some black pepper sprinkle a little
bit of and that's it and that is our
lovely lovely salad I am so excited to
dig into this beautiful solid super
yummy so this is like equivalent to half
a cabbage three carrots and mmm I can
smell the garlic so good let me just dig
into this because I'm already on like
solving so let me try out this beautiful
creation mmm mmm this is really really
good it's perfect perfect perfect
perfect a very tangy salad which I love
I love it when I can taste the vinegar
in it it's perfect and oh yeah so I mean
you saw how easy this is this is like
what five ingredients takes less than
five minutes it's a it takes like three
minutes repair there's no major washing
or anything to clean up its going to
take you less than fill us in two
minutes I mean easy and look how big and
a nutritious the solidus so if you want
the complete recipe just go to my blog
at WWE and health com / blog and the
recipe will be posted on today's post
and um what else yeah so try this out I
mean super easy super yummy and I want
to dig into it and just just remember
try and get this ingredients organic
cheap organic
Super Chief okay so this is something to
try out and do for your whole family all
right so have a fabulous fabulous day
everyone and i'll see you tomorrow bye
you